[Applause]
receipts you have seen well JJ I assume
you've seen the movie that's in the
movie would be really funny if you have
it they showed it to me have the three
of you seen the movie how many people
total have seen the movie in its
entirety ah few dozen a few dozen or so
okay
that's a small group that's it it is so
you would know where the leak came from
if there was one at this point most
likely did you have like a special
screening for the cast where everybody
got together and watch it you didn't and
where did you do that at bad robot we
have the little screening room there at
your headquarters or as I call it the
headquarters it is it is only Batman has
a better headquarters so everybody gets
together to watch the movie and I would
assume you're a little nervous right
it's it's horrifying right are you guys
all so nervous so nervous yeah I was in
the theater for like 10 minutes and
everyone else was milling around I was
like guys come on let's count we've
again yeah I brought snacks yeah dude
you know had a hand over Fornaio me to
squeeze whenever she wanted uh-huh so
you know we had a good time so at any
point before you see it do you think
okay here's what I'm gonna say if I
don't like it so okay so you've been
working I know for a really a very long
time yeah on this movie yeah very very
long time right how long has it been
that you've been working a couple years
a couple years and all the time like you
can't leave your house I left the house
for like ten months I was in London yeah
so when you finish and you're not with
these people every day for instance
Daisy did two movies with the JJ give
you a gift of parting present anything
to commemorate your time together he did
he did and it's a touch of skill okay JJ
said I can't give you a gift now when we
wrap because it's taking a while to make
and I was like what is this thing so a
box arrives at my house
I'm like throwing out and my friend was
over so she she was experiencing this
with me I was like throwing all the
things out so there's a joke all the
Great British Bake Off love this
particular contestant who will remain
unnamed oh really
JJ had me made a real life-size mask of
the contestant that fits on my hand it
was made for daisies and has no idea
that this exists wouldn't it be
wonderful to show up at this person's
house in the middle of the night get me
some muffins in the door a couple times
to my friends in it and people go oh
that's pretty crazy yeah so I know I
know Johnny because you posted that JJ
gave you a spider-man stormtrooper
helmet yeah yeah I was I was surprising
that's how cuz you love spider-man as
well I love spider-man love him yeah and
that's the only one in existence I would
imagine a Spider Man I hope so if I see
anyone else with it and all that now you
are going to be flooded with
spider-man's stuff yeah Daisy Daisy got
me a Oscorp liquid from the movie in the
glass with a little crack just in case
you know mm-hmm mr. Liz how you guys
have seen your Secret Santa is so much
better than our own Oscar did you get
anything good I got a box of Oscar Isaac
chocolates
[Laughter]
Frenchie and didn't you get your friend
or somebody in your family in the last
movie wasn't it who was that your uncle
or something well in the last in this
this movie or the one before someone
before I've gotten movies yeah this one
this one my brother my friend and my
uncle
yeah and how does that work with JJ do
you go to him and say yeah just need a
few people in the movie yeah just like
throw them in behind some aliens or
whatever I want to say just two things
if I could yeah first of all you sound
awful thank you hold on
literally were molded it said Oscar
Isaac like like imprinted in the
chocolate may I may well don't go I've
got some Oscar Isaac toxic I picked him
up in a store there was two different
kinds so you did get somebody that's a
pretty good gift also him putting your
friends in this movie
yeah that's it's pretty good and killing
them and killing them yeah is it true
that you guys the two of you are very
close friends or is that just like a we
see that on junkets a little bit of both
[Laughter]
[Applause]
we're talking about these objects
changing you could take anything this is
a great time for you guys to confess if
you stole anything from the stuff
because now it'll be treated as fun or
as it could be treated as a felony you
know later on mr. JJ you could take
anything what did you take I assume you
took home a memento I stole it was given
do which is the Denis the real enjoy it
yeah yeah you got do I have deviate from
from force awakens oh I got do for next
to him is do named after Ronnie James
Dio the did you take anything you take a
do or I was given a lightsaber
you were given a lights in I worry that
someone's gonna track me down to break
into my house so I do need to say it's
in a safe place it is not in your house
it's not in my house this is a very bad
Jedi mind trick right so when you're
showing it to people is it hanging on
the wall is it there do you reach for it
and it comes to you how does it work
usually I reach for and it comes to me
is that my guys you want to see
something Thor's hammer comes flying in
here yeah it's it's strange it was out
recently and someone was like oh my god
is that uh yeah lightsaber I guess you
can hold it if you like we're gonna take
a break we're gonna bring a lot of the
other folks who are in the cast of the
movie out here too there were literally
there be more people on this stage than
in our studio audience or just a mix
well first we're gonna go into
hyperspace we spent a lot of money on
this
you're jealous here we go star wars the
rise of Skywalker is opening on Friday
and to make sure you don't forget it we
have the directory we've got the cast
we've got more of the cast congregating
backstage let's bring them out please
welcome Billy Dee Williams Anthony
Daniels Kelly Marie Tran
Naomi Agee and Keri Russell
[Applause]
[Music]
well I'm sorry without a time but it's
look at the Billy Dee Williams is here I
mean that JJ I mean I've Lando then you
really feel like yeah now I'm directing
Star Wars alright you have no idea I
feel like I'm home I spent so much time
here throughout the years I know you
really have I will tell you I consider
you to be the coolest person in the
world
[Applause]
[Laughter]
was it fun to be Lando again did you
wear the Cape oh absolutely but I was
live in Lando for 40 years
[Applause]
and I'm by the way as far as the cool
contest goes you you're rivaled only by
Anthony who is has been in all of all
night Anthony people must go nuts and
must drive you insane when they hear you
speak and wanting you to do things well
yeah you know what I
I know you have a bad voice and yes
thank you you know when when you hugged
me earlier yeah when you gave me the big
tumor I got the bad voice no that was so
forgive me if I was another guy that was
not me I don't double this you sound
pretty good yourself
yeah if I go into you Threepio yeah I
can do it better because think back for
more than 40 years the first line you
heard in a movie a Star Wars movie was
what did you hear that will be destroyed
now is it true that you you your parents
were going to come to the premiere with
you tonight and they canceled on you no
my dad says your mom has a doctor's
appointment she can't reschedule but not
that important is she bleeding you know
JJ for longer than anyone here unless I
unless there's something I don't know
right it's true it is true and to be
working well this is a very different
project than you guys are working on
yeah there was a little there weren't
people beating down the doors to find
felicity scripts gonna graduate is it
true that JJ has become a monster that
he now has I've heard that he has a
full-time man who follows him around
keeping his glasses clean yes JJ like
that's the like part of his success is
he's exactly the same as how he was 20
years ago on Thurs leave that as a
shooting star would it is so true and
he's just endlessly kind of capable and
excited and funny and that's just who he
is and you look good blue
Naomi so you're neither this this is
your your you know your new are you are
you prepared for this is your family
nuts over Star Wars are they yeah
they're all mad about it but my auntie
Wendy
waitwait become as hard to end day she's
a really big big big fan and I was like
if I'm gonna record any reaction I'm
gonna record my auntie's so I went
around to a house and I was like put set
up the camera and I was like hey listen
wins remember that job
I told you I had that was like a small
indie job and she was like yeah well
it's not a small India she was like oh
my god no hey what is it and I was like
it's Star Wars and she was a she's just
gotta just oh my god oh he's a
practicing Buddhist so she's she ran to
her altar and started
it's how it goes with my answer but
that's a good reaction well we're gonna
take bring we come back we have a clip
from the film is that correct we just
took the cast of Star Wars is here we'll
be right back with that
you trace data which way no idea follow
me
[Music]
rockets it's okay that we're here it's
okay it's good
did she do that to us
could be fun
by the way speaking of fun Anthony was
in the audience during the commercial
break will you do everyone's outgoing
voicemail on that phone really yeah I'm
going voicemail III did that once for
Lucasfilm and one day I I got the
message
I rang up and it said hello I am c-3po
human-cyborg relations and this is
Lucasfilm but if you leave your name and
number I will get a human to return your
call how irritated was a hard
[Applause]
I didn't leave a message Anthony Daniels
and all my life I've called him Anthony
okay we've made two films together and
the other day we were doing some stuff
and and days he's like is it Anthony yes
of course not it's Anthony
it's Anthony I've made two films with
this gentleman I've called him Anthony
it's everyone took home Antony he never
correct you never gone no it's me he's
JJ how can you correct ginger wow you
must really be scaring that must be
scaring people you know that you could
not pronounce yeah maybe you've been
mispronouncing everyone's names well you
should feel bad I don't blame you I feel
bad and I just met the guy I think his
name wrong so we're gonna do a little
something we're gonna have a competition
between we're gonna split you guys into
families in a moment but before we do
that I have an announcement for the
audience our studio audience and that is
this that IMAX is giving you all tickets
to go see Star Wars in the full IMAX
experience
distributing those
when we come back no love will be lost
while we return we are going to play
family versus family in force family to
the feud
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you